---
title: Weeknote 1
date: '2020-09-05'
tags:
  - weeknote
---
What better month to start my weeknotes... Since coming back from a long 2 week break including the Bank Holiday Monday, it's only been a four day working week.  This week has been hard getting back into the groove, not being used to the daily work routine and also gradually get the kids back to a sense of normality with school.

We're coming up to the half way point of the financial year (FY20/21), so that means taking time out to reflect on how the first 6 months have gone and also what we need to do to ensure that we reach our goals by the end of March.  Our team recognised that the past 6 months have been pretty tough as the first wave of COVID-19 swept through Europe and the UK.  Working in Digital means that it's ever more so it's key that we are able to provide customers services they need during the pandemic when retail store and even call centres are not running at full capacity.  Just before the lockdown started our team was relatively new and we weren’t able to spend time together to get know each other as you would normally do in the office.  Instead, we working in ‘crisis mode’ and at certain points over the past few month it felt like we were getting to the end of each other’s tethers.  But as the COVID-19 cases started to decline during the summer it was a good time to take stock, rest and rejuvenate.  We realised that even though we hadn’t consciously started to form those bonds and ties, we actually did create them by accident during the pandemic.  You know the good old saying ‘Crises brings the best and worst out of us’.  We took stock and (virtually) patted each other on the back acknowledging that we did the best we could in a moment that we will remember for the rest of our lives.

So now we’re looking ahead to what’s in front of us.  We agreed to review where we should focus our energy and ensure that what we were doing would deliver the right outcomes for the end of the financial year.  We’ll be going through a couple of exercises to achieve that.  A bottom up prioritisation on our key initiatives for H2 that will be impact assessed with the principle of more value, less effort.  We have started to adopt a prioritisation framework called RICE which considered each activity based on Reach, Impact, Confidence and Effort.  We have found that adopting an objective view can help teams make better- and well-informed recommendations and decisions.  In parallel, we'll take a top down approach and gain alignment on broader context of business priorities and key customers that must be solved.
